docs: Split, update, improve the contributing guide for reviewers and committers (#27085)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/development/reviewers_committers/duties.rst

.. only:: not (epub or latex or html)

    WARNING: You are looking at unreleased Cilium documentation.
    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

.. _weekly_duties:

> Weekly duties

Reviewer: Are we doing subheadings in caps? I think @zacharysarah started this conversation in #26632, but I don't think we finished it?

Author: I thought of that discussion as well and didn't fix capitalisation when I noticed it, then forgot to come back to it :sweat_smile:. I suppose the current guidance about title case still stands until we decide otherwise, so I'll fix.

=============

Some members of the Cilium organization will have rotational duties that change
every week.

Release Managers
----------------

Release managers take care of the patch releases for each supported stable
branch of Cilium. They typically coordinate in #launchpad on Slack.

Backporters
-----------

Backporters handle backports to Cilium's supported stable branches. The
:ref:`backport_process` provide some guidance on how to do backports. They

> typically coordinate in #launchpad on Slack.

Reviewer: I think it would make sense to switch the last two sentences around here; couple other nits

```suggestion
Backporters handle backports to Cilium's supported stable branches. They
typically coordinate in #launchpad on Slack. The :ref:`backport_process`
provides guidance on how to do backports. 
```

Triagers
--------

Triagers take care of several tasks:

  - They push and merge contributions from community contributors
  - They review updates to files without a dedicated code owner

>   - They triage bugs

Reviewer: I think it would make sense to add a note here explaining what it means to triage bugs, or what this process looks like

Author: It would totally make sense, but as long as the docs are not the source of truth for this role (at the moment, they're not) I don't want to go into the details and have outdated contents soon again. I can add a one-sentence summary maybe.

  - They keep an eye on Slack, to try and answer questions from the community

They are members of the `TopHat team`_ on GitHub.

.. _TopHat team: https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams/tophat/members

CI Health Managers
------------------

> CI Health Managers monitor the status of the CI, track down flakes, and make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI Health Managers monitor the status of the CI, track down flakes, and do
```

their best to ensure that CI checks keep running smoothly. They are active on

> #testing on Slack.

Reviewer: I think it would make sense to change the last sentence here to match the structure used in the last couple of sections:

```suggestion
their best to ensure that CI checks keep running smoothly. They typically coordinate in
#testing on Slack.
```

Author: I thought about it, although it's not coordination like for the other two. Backporters and release managers tend to announce “I'm starting a new round of backports / a new release”, making it obvious they're in charge of it, etc. By contrast, CI health folks won't do announcements, just discuss potential issues if any - so they'll typically be “active” on the channel. Although “coordinate” could probably work as well I suppose. It doesn't matter really, I'll update to your suggestion.

.. only:: not (epub or latex or html)

    WARNING: You are looking at unreleased Cilium documentation.
    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

.. _weekly_duties:

> Weekly Duties

Reviewer 2: Sentence case in headings? 🥺  
```suggestion
Weekly Duties
```

Author: OK, but then let's make it “official”. I'll add a commit to change the directive in the style guide.

=============

> Some members of the Cilium organization will have rotational duties that change
> every week.

Reviewer 2: Use present tense
```suggestion
Some members of the Cilium organization have rotational duties that change
every week.
```

Release Managers
----------------

Release managers take care of the patch releases for each supported stable

> branch of Cilium. They typically coordinate in #launchpad on Slack.

Reviewer 2: A link would be good here, or more specificity
```suggestion
branch of Cilium. They typically coordinate in #launchpad on Cilium Slack.
```

Author: I realise links to Cilium Slack throughout the docs are a mess (I count 13 occurrences of the URL). I'll harmonise them in a follow-up PR.

Author: https://github.com/cilium/cilium/pull/27346

Backporters
-----------

Backporters handle backports to Cilium's supported stable branches. They

> typically coordinate in #launchpad on Slack. The :ref:`backport_process`
> provide some guidance on how to do backports.

Reviewer 2: Specificity re:Slack, verb tense agreement, clear plain language
```suggestion
typically coordinate in #launchpad on Cilium Slack. The :ref:`backport_process`
provides guidance on how to backport.
```

Triagers
--------

Triagers take care of several tasks:

  - They push and merge contributions from community contributors
  - They review updates to files without a dedicated code owner
  - They triage bugs, which means they interact with reporters until the issue
    is clear and can get the label associated to the corresponding working

>     group, when possible.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
    group, when possible
```

  - They keep an eye on Slack, to try and answer questions from the community

They are members of the `TopHat team`_ on GitHub.

.. _TopHat team: https://github.com/orgs/cilium/teams/tophat/members

CI Health Managers
------------------

> CI Health Managers monitor the status of the CI, track down flakes, and do
> their best to ensure that CI checks keep running smoothly. They typically
> coordinate in #testing on Slack.

Reviewer 2: Clear plain language, specificity re:Slack
```suggestion
CI Health Managers monitor the status of the CI, track down flakes, and
ensure that CI checks keep running smoothly. They typically
coordinate in #testing on Cilium Slack.
```

Weekly duties
=============

Some members of the Cilium organization have rotational duties that change

> every week.

Reviewer 3: nit: Release Managers don't change every week. Maybe `periodically` instead?
